2.Our final project will be largely based on the development of a Ruben’s Tube. This artistic device uses sound to influence gas movement inside of a chamber/tube with holes in it. The gas is ignited, and the fire “dances” to the soundwaves influenced by the speaker at the end of the tube. We have various ideas on where to go from there, including a karaoke setup to be ran through the Ruben’s Tube and writing an accompanying piece of Processing code that will control the audio and thus fire coming from the tube.a) Explain in detail your project from the viewer’s perspective. What will they see when they The viewers will walk in the gallery (or safe outdoor area) and see a questionable looking apparatus with flames spouting from the top. They will then notice that these flames are interacting to sound and music, supplied from a speaker on the side of the tube which is being controlled by a computer. They will soon realize that the flames themselves are a type audio visualizer.b) Explain the technical components of your project. What tools and software does it use? Which components of the project are you specifically using in your contribution to the project?We’re still determining the type of material to be used for the tube. We originally were going to go with PVC, but we are now leaning towards a metal tube. We’ll also require a speaker woofer capable of pushing sufficient air, the correct cables to hook it up, at least an amp and a computer running Processing feeding audio to the amp. We’ll also need a propane tank. I’ll be providing and working on all things on the audio end. As of now I’m gutting some old monitor speakers and rewiring them to suit our purposes. I will also likely be responsible for writing the processing code.c) Explain the artistic meaning of your project. Why is the project interesting? What are the main ideas of the project? Why is it culturally relevant? What aspects of your project require technology? What artists have done similar kind of work?Simple- FIRE!! Fire is very interesting and visually stunning. Our project blends modern technology and programming with primitive and classical beauty. In a sense, the visualizations provided by the Ruben’s Tube will be much more “real” to the viewer than anything they could watch on iTunes.